I vote against this bill because it aims at bypassing the obligation of a treaty
that would need the approval of Europeans for establishing this absurd Europe of war that you are preparing.
I am alarmed at the binary vision of this bill
that opposes—for unknown reasons—a so-called Asian area to a Euro-Atlantic one.
I worry about the fact that you already set up a military Staff,
and all the more so because this report claims that we should prepare to high-intensity conflicts,
in other words, war.
By the same token, it says NATO networks should be strengthened.
I think you are completely wrong about what the European project should be. It should be a peace project.
You should be asking yourselves how could Europe be more efficient in securing peace in the world,
rather than wonder how it could contribute to spreading wars
and spark hostilities everywhere, whereas Eureope should prevent them at all costs.